We already know.
Since your turn is very late, you already know Python Basics, Git Basics, Docker basics, Linux deployment.
CICD, all of that stuff, right?
So I'll just quickly jump, you know, I'll just jump into that here.
Quite invites. We'll try to cover everything from just one problem, but actually, you don't need to, um, worry about syntax or, uh…
Um, like, the terminologies, you just have to explain your logic, and just…
your concepts. Just your thoughts, right? If you want, you can write, but totally optional.
So… okay, let's say there's a string, right?
dinner string.
And this string is something like, for example,
like, E?
D, right?
B…
Maybe?
Okay. And, um…
Z, and underscore.
Now, uh, this string…
can contain any letters from A to…
It was it, and this string can contain underscores.
Okay. So…
The output, like, for example, you need to discuss a logic that actually processes the string.
And generates an output like this. So, for example, it gives you back a list of numbers.
There can be one item or more, right? But, like, for example, let's meant to do something like this.
For example, one…
Don't know.
3. Como.
26. So, for example, like, uh…
A is run, B is 2, C is 3, and I think Z is 26.
If you… notify? 24.
26. Yeah, right? A, B, C, D, E, T, H, I, H, J.
Right? So anyways, let me just double-check, right?
So…
Z?
So it is…
So it is the 26th Street in the series.
Okay, so once you are done with that, right, if you're done with that, for example,
then, uh…
Um, anyways, I will give you a bonus. Like, how we do… how would you use Python?
To identify that Z is 26, or says something that you can do.
Right? Anyways, so 1,326 stop.
Okay, so…
Okay, now take your time first. Yes, you can ask questions first. Okay, first, let me see, uh, let me…
Like, let me ask you if I… if what's on my mind is correct or not. So you want me to turn on this list of strings into a… so this string into a list of numbers.
And, uh, depending on the…
where it's placed in the alphabet, you give the corresponding number, right? Well…
I just… I can just tell you that A is 1.
And Z is 26, right? Okay.
So, REST, you have to figure out, like, of course, it's not just, like, simple mapping of numbers. Okay, so it's not alphabet… it's not alphabetical order.
And that's it. That's why you take your time. Think about, like, how… like, okay, so you have seen those sequence problems, where what comes after this, so you have to just figure out, like, how.
How, actually, if A is one, right?
You see one here, right? But then…
You see the A here, but there's no one here. Oh, that's because this is 2.
But when you see B's 2, then there's no 2 here, right?
But then there's, like, there's Z, there's 26, yes, underscore is 0.
A is one…
Z is 26, underscore a Z.
Okay. Just take your time.
Right? And just, uh, take, take 2-5 minutes, whatever you like, right?
then we will… if you want to do some rough work, you can…
So the output of this should be 1326.
The output of this… If you want, I can put some node strings, maybe some more cases, right?
Maybe a simple one first.
Let me put a simple one also, here.
So you can do the work here. Let's say there's another string.
And let's do a very simple one. So…
A, again, A.
And B?
Uh, and, uh, let's say…
Same thing, right, but just this is a small string, no underscores.
So, the output would be a 1.
Wait, and uh…
then it would be, uh…
3.
just part of it, right? For this one. Okay, if you go even smaller,
then the output would be just one.
Uh, if you can see this and this and…
think of a pattern, right?
then come up with.
You can ask questions, anything.
Okay, so…
AA gives you one. Hmm.
But AA, B, AB gives you 3.
BAB gives you 3. If you just…
put AA, yeah.
Then…
And then this… But if you think about it, AA always gives you always one.
Yeah, but A is one, right? Yes. Like, there are two ones, actually.
So, maybe that one means something. Okay, what threw me off is this one. Zed and…
The… let's forget about Zed for now. No, if I… okay, if, uh, what came into my mind the first thing is…
If A is 1 and AA gives you 1, and AABAB gives you 3.
You take the first two characters, you multiply them, you get one.
Or maybe, let's say, some…
Or, no, not some, because A's…
Phase 1. Like, for example, AB, A plus B is 3, right? Yes. And this A is when…
No, but like…
If it's… if you just take these three characters, B…
B… B is 2, I have an transfer. Okay, let's do… let's zoom in later.
Okay, let's… okay, let… you know what, like, ignore these…
characters for now, for example.
And then think of some ways, like, A is 1, and A is B. AB is 3.
So, there is something we might not… Okay, I think maybe I… maybe I understood it.
Let me see… take your time.
Yeah, so… influence.
Now, this one's working, because that's…
Toy…
What is ABH? Okay, wait.
And then these… Okay, I think I got this. This one's gonna give it off.
3 months, 26, 0…
Year 26. So, you want me to write a logic? Just tell me, just go through the logic, it's fine. Okay, so…
You ignore the first character?
then you take the value of the character itself, so A is 1.
then you ignore the other car… the next character over here.
And then take the two adjacent values, and add them together to get 3.
Then again, uh… This time, you will, uh, you will take the thi…
Uh, no, wait, why? Yes, because the pattern mismatch… because… now, you're very close, but should we ignore…
Or every time one character… No, no, no, no. Tell us how many characters to ignore. Uh, each time you ignore a character, you increase the amount of characters you take. Okay. Give me an example.
for this example, your logic is fine, right? Like, I mean, it looks like this, right? But there can be…
Uh, something like this.
Great. And the output would be 111111.
Okay, one more, maybe that will finalize… finally help you.
let's say B?
BB and B, B, B, and B, B, P, for example.
So, here you have…
Full, full, and full.
Maybe now you will be able to take care of it.
Okay, let's try the thing in my mind a bit.
Unless to…
And we need this person.
Is it…?
Oh, okay, so…
Since this is 2, you're gonna keep these two.
This is 2, you're gonna keep these two. Two, you're gonna keep these two.
Yes.
That's it.
I should get it even.
So there's actually, uh, again, just, just a disclosure, right? So, I wanted to make this interview, like, a bit…
like, a bit realistic for you, but not further for others.
Maximum number, minimum, and…
Some repetitions is all I did, right? But actually, yeah, so…
I won't ask any Python basics. I will give you a bonus on this.
But this is a question asked in a, like a…
There was someone who gave a test in a German company.
So, this was the interview question.
I figured out very quickly. He took 4 hours.
Actually, he took 4 hours because writing in the code is not that easy. When you write the code for it, it's not that easy.
LLM cannot write the code for it, it will fail.
When you try to explain the logic. Okay, anyway, that's good, right? So…
Uh, let's move forward, right, Derek? And…
Uh, for example, whatever you have learned so far.
Right? Whatever you learn from the training, right?
Uh, especially when it comes to containerization, deployment, CICD.
Uh, right? So, um…
I mean, ugh…
let's say you have an application, right? I will give you a custom application here.
And this application is a simple…
For example, let's say, uh, you know, there is an application called Obsidian.
Obsidian. It's actually available, it's there.
Well, you can check it out. Something like Obsidian, it's a note-taking application, actually. Very simple.
what people can do, people can log in,
People can actually… different people can sign up.
And they can just create their notes, they have a vault, they can just put their notes.
Uh, the good thing is that it exposes an API, so people can actually fetch the nodes.
programmatically automate things, right?
That is the only difference, but it's simply a note-taking application.
Now, based on all of the knowledge you have acquired, right,
How would you start from, uh, like,
planning… let's say you have a couple of team members, two or three, right? Uh, let us start from the planning phase. Like, how would you plan to build this product?
Then, for example, once you build this product, how are you planning to, for example,
release the MVP, and then how are you going to make sure that adding future features
is easy to do. And make sure the product stays stable. How do you make sure
It stays scalable. It is scalable. Like, there's something called
impossible to scale, unless you rewrite the product. And there's a product that is… that is, yes,
right now, maybe just, uh, small, but you can scale it if you want. So just…
just… if you want to draw your thought process or share it, or if you want me to draw it, your choice, right?
Like, from the beginning, from the planning phase,
to the development phase, right? To the…
deployment phase, right? Testing phase, right? Like, monitoring phase.
Everything. The whole CICD.
So… Life second, kind of, yes, or you can say that is also part of, like, DevOps cycle that you have seen, right?
So, how would you do it? Based on the knowledge that you have?
Okay, first of all…
I would check with the client the requirements. Let's say… let's say I will give you the requirement, right? Very simple.
I want people to be able to use your API, right? To be able to just create readily, create notes, update notes, delete… But how many users would use that program? That's the… Can any number of users, let's say right now… right now, you just have to worry about 50, not more like that.
10 to 50 or so.
So, like, how would you start, like, building the application? You can share your thoughts also.
What will you keep in mind?
When you do that, right?
Okay, first of all, uh…
Uh, you said I have a team member of…
Let's say you have two more team members, right? You have to speed up work. Okay. By the way, you can assume things yourself.
You have to just increase the throughput and make sure the product is stable and it's scalable, and code is maintained.
That's very brutal. Now, there are no right or wrong answers. There can be, like, different…
Many solutions? You mean different approaches? There are many approaches. Some are good approaches, some might contribute. Okay.
So, in my mind, if I, like, had this kind of project, first of all,
As I told you, I would see the amount of users that are going to use the… Let's say, right now, right now, 10… Okay. And, you know, they're not going to increase
very soon, it will take time. Okay, so… first of all, I start with the…
let's say, making the program. Okay. Uh, selecting the…
Not just a programming language. Can you just write, like, 10 users, and then the programming languages? Just something, so…
we… we can just visualize later.
search and users, and what language would you select, and, like, how would you start the work? I mean…
If it's just 10 users, and it's a simple program, you can use Python, and you can use Feist API.
Uh, also, before… okay, let…
Okay, Python Fast API. You create the API,
Okay, now, what are you… when you're creating the API, right?
Like, uh, if, let's say, you want to distribute the word.
And you have to, for example, so one person actually handles the
Because you are going to store. Oh, yes, uh, so…
create a repository?
GitHub? Yeah, GitHub. GitHub rep. That's right, right, everything, right.
GitHub?
GitHub will host…
The…
Okay, the application itself? Okay.
And… after creating the application, let's say you work with a team. Yeah.
you set up, uh, code owners, everything, GitHub-related?
Uh, after you're done with this part…
let's say you have to… okay, Python test API.
Now, remember, our goal is to actually
Does the application feature by feature?
And, uh, at least what you can do, you can at least give the first flight.
an MVP, minimum viable product, with the limited set of features, at least, right?
Okay, maybe create and delete notes, for now. No need for… no need to support uploads.
So, we'll say… let's say we have a…
bunch of features.
Uh, we can separate the, uh, each, maybe, team member can work on a feature.
Let's say we have two, four features, like Create Notes, Update Notes, Delete Notes, and…
Uh, read notes, let's say, for features.
Okay, so… after creating a feature, you can test it out. Let's say you expose your API…
You host your API locally, and you can use, uh, let's say…
You can use either a web browser or Postman, and try to test your API. Okay.
Uh, test multiple use cases, see if there are any failures, or…
Anything that might happen? Just, can you write, like, test TPA also? We have that.
just APIU. And in postman or anything.
Postman, so right, postpone, post…
Postman is a good tool to trust it, guys.
You test the API, using Postman? Yeah.
You push changes?
if you… if you… if they're required, so you update your…
base program. Uh, before doing that, if you have a simple program ready,
before, like, actually stress testing the actual application, you might want to set up a Docker Compose, or a Dockerfile, depending on the scale of your API and its requirement. If you don't need
Maybe you need an SQL server, maybe you don't. If you do, you might… Let's say we need… because we have to store the nodes. Okay, then you will have someone working on the SQL.
And, uh, you link your application with the SQL database, and then you can set up a Docker Compose, so you can launch, uh…
You write the Dockerfiles, start Docker Compose,
You launch the application? Right now, everything is locally, right? Like… Yeah, everything is local right now.
Uh…
Then you can push the list images
To Docker Hub. Okay.
Uh, then after, let's say, you're past this development phase,
You can go to the testing phase, so you can set up Jenkins for, uh…
CICD pipelines. Uh, let's say you…
You have two images on a Docker Compose file. What would be your strategy for images? Like, for example,
Like, what… when… when… when are you building the image? Right now, let's say, if any developer wants, they can run Docker Compose?
And they couldn't see the application, right?
But, uh, for example, you're saying we will push to…
program, right? So, like, the developers will just randomly push?
Whenever they make a change, or is there a…
a strategy to push, and when to push? It depends on the type of feature they implemented. Okay. So if it's a big feature,
It requires an… if you… the application itself requires to…
be upgraded to the new feature, so you can apply other changes, then you're gonna push the image. If it's a small feature and it can be implemented on any version without breaking the program. Okay.
then you can just… you are talking about semantic version, right? Yes. You said we discussed, like, you release…
Application version 0.0.1, maybe 1.
So… so, for example, uh, now again, see?
Uh, because people are working on different features, right?
So, are you all going to just…
do everything in the main branch, or is there any… No, you're gonna get… you're gonna have, uh, get, uh, get branch workflow.
Okay, I said that you set up a Everything Git-related, so…
So, code owners get branches, and you have someone managing the code and merging it to main, and people pulling from main before actually adding a new feature, and…
Okay, okay, okay, go ahead. So, since now your application has a version,
Your application has a Docker Compose, your application has a Docker file,
Uh, you are pushing… whenever they release a feature, you push the image, right?
Any naming convention that you can think of for the images?
that you are pushing to DockerUp? Or do you just put the app name? No, uh, you're gonna put the app name in the version, it's version. So… So, depending on the feature size, so you're gonna start…
If it's something major, you will add a one in the middle. So, basically, if it's… if you start, like, some… let's say you started with version 0.0.1, something minor, 0.02,
Something major, uh, 0.1.1, or 1.0, yeah.
It's actually patch minor images, so I think minor 0.1, and something major is the inside.
And if you change the whole program, like, you add a… if it's not backward compatible… Yeah, if it's not backwards compatible, you're gonna other…
One at the beginning. Uh, so yeah, that's the way you're gonna push the images.
After that, you can set up a Jenkins.
And do you… okay, for example, let's say we don't have Jenkins, we don't have CSE, right?
Uh… let's say the client, or let's say client, you're hosting on-premise, right? So I give you a machine.
I tell you, Tarek, this is… these are…
Uh, this is the machine, right?
Um, because this application should be hosted only for my office.
only for my building, right?
So, I give you access to this machine, right? This machine is running Ubuntu.
So, do you want… I just want to ask you, like, are you okay with just one machine?
But do you want a similar machine also? Depending on the scale of the… since you said it's 10 users only, one machine is enough.
But if you are going to increase the amount of users… The restriction here is, as soon as you…
push something, and it's available, they will start using it.
Like, they will immediately start using as soon as something is live, right?
Imagine they have an IT team, right? And they are continuously checking, they have a script that's checking, like, when the service is available, right?
So… and this is the machine I will write prod, right?
As soon as you put something that listens to put,
443, for example, it will notify all of the clients that, yes, now start using it.
So, do you need just this machine, or do you need…
Is there any need for a similar machine with the similar specs, similar things for…
So, to test, or is there not me? Like, I mean, do you need a similar machine for testing purposes, or local testing, do you think is more than enough?
Uh, it's not more… okay, for 10 users, it's enough.
Because local testing is more than enough, right? For 10 users. If it's a very, very small application. Okay. Okay, let's say. If you have a diff… the developers can use
They're machined to test?
And they could also just run a virtual machine.
in the background and have it work as a testing machine. Okay, okay. So you don't need an actual… So what you're saying is you are going to create a VM?
Just like the plot. The plot specifications and make it, right? Uh, and this… you will use this for?
Testing purpose. Okay, nice. So, which is kind of…
not exactly the same thing, but the same thing, right? So, but you are offloading it from the client, you are actually… Yeah, see, the way I understood is…
you actually… by machine, you mean, like, an actual server required. Don't remember.
that, uh, this is going… here, the data's different, you're testing data might be different, right?
Because the customers have a very different kind of dataset, different kinds of nodes.
Maybe with Arabic characters, maybe with Unicode characters, right? And you might be testing on something like text files and whatnot.
the nodes. So, still, it's not… you cannot see it's exactly the same. The specs are same.
But the data it is operating on is not the same.
So, again, do you… do you still think it's a good idea to have, uh…
ask the debtor from the client, or do you think…
I mean, for this simple application, no need for… I mean, no need to do that. Usually, clients won't disclose their data, but you could…
You could actually ask for some… not something similar, but what type of data they are working with? Simple?
Yeah, yeah, sample data, or the data types they're working with, and you can just stress test your application using that.
Okay, nice, nice. Okay, then what do you do? Okay, let's say you are here, right?
Now… now what will you do? You have a VM.
You have pushed…
Uh, the image to Docker Hub, right? Uh, and you have a VM, right?
We are… you own the VM, product is owned by the client. Now… now what are your next steps?
Next steps now.
deployment is unique, right? So… Yes.
So you said you can't use Jenkins because it's locally? No, it was, like, your choice, right? The client doesn't know anything about
like, Jenkins, but you have access to this machine. Okay, you have access to this machine.
Okay.
Since you have access to this machine,
You can just, uh… let's say you can use Jenkins for deployment, set up CICD pipelines,
And uh… every time you push a new… every time you merge,
into main, uh, Jenkins will clone the repo.
And then it will push the images to Docker Hub? So you're going to run Jengals here, right? Yeah, yeah.
Can you write, right?
So you're going to run Jenkins here?
And, uh…
Since, uh…
Since you're not using the same network, this, uh…
This has to be port-forwarded.
Or you could use, uh, Cloudflare.
to set up a tunnel?
So you can… But this is, like, of course, you're right, because while you are saying this is because this is within the optional office network, right? Yes.
Nice year. That's what I want to hear. Just right here, tunnel for Cloudflare or something.
a different type of entropy, right?
No one is giving… okay, I will tell you later, I will tell you later.
Okay, so…
Since we have the pipelines set here, okay, we're gonna… Let's say this is your Cloudflare server.
So I will just write CFS log cursor Server, right?
Now, you have… okay, so…
You already told me about the…
Genesis will do certain things.
Did you also talk about the deployment part? Like, CDs remaining, right?
CD? Yes, like, uh…
Wherever the image is available? Yeah, whenever the image is available, it's gonna… Jenkins will also…
do the CD part.
Okay, so…
So, okay, that's fine, right?
This is your VM, right, for development. So, what would you do here?
Yes, you have told me the broad part, right?
Do you need another Jenkins for the…
For this part, just to make sure all of your processes are working, what do you think manual is fine?
Or do you think replicating the exact same thing is a good idea?
Actually, it is a good idea. Replicating sync is a good idea. Yeah, because if you have a… if you have the same thing working here, and let's say the Jenkins fails or something, you can actually capture that before doing it in actual…
Because you said they… they need this…
24 hours. So, if something fails here, it's going to be a big, big problem. Okay, nice, right?
Okay, now let's talk about your team, right? Your branch structure, you have set up your branch structure, right?
Last year, and uh… people can make mistakes, you know, right? You have, uh…
the main branch.
And, like, the main branch is drawing on size, you have added features, features, features, right? So…
Uh, like, this is your… this is, let's say, your team member here.
This is a team member's PC, right? By mistake, what he did is, um…
He actually merged…
something by mistake, without checking out a new branch, he merged the new feature he was doing directly in the main branch, and based on your rules,
you don't allow pushes.
Right, to the main branch. So now, these three commits, they belong to
a task that's achievable.
done by the team member here, team member.
So, what can he do?
Let's say he comes to you, right? He asks for your help. So, what can you do to guide him? Okay. Like, how can he fix it? So, this is all in his local machine, so this is Git? Yes. Okay.
So he must, to men… Bible strict. By mistake.
Uh, he can actually just…
See, okay, since he already has these features implemented, he can just, uh, create a branch.
So, let's say F, let's say F1 branch. Okay, so get checkout.
dash be a phone? Yeah, okay.
Just write that phone, it's fine, like, F in Brunch, let's say, okay. Then what… then what? Okay, since he has this branch now in F1,
Which is a direct copy of the main with his changes.
Yeah. They can now just go back to me, he can just check out to me.
And then he can either restore to previous commit, or he can just reset main.
Because he has some, many times this problem.
Yeah, okay, so, Tariq, uh, you know, like, for example, everything is
But, like, when you're using this tunnel?
So, you see, HTTPS is being used, like, HTTPS is the front-facing protocol between the client and
the Cloudflare domain, right? So…
like, I don't know, someone told me that HTTP is secure, someone told me, and HTTPS is more secure. Do you think this statement is true or false? Of course. So, what do you think, like, if we say HTTP versus HTTPS, what is the core difference, actually, between… Okay, HTTP?
everything… everything is as is, so there's no encryption. Plain text, right? Yeah. And, uh…
The difference… the key difference is once you add the…
HTTPS, you're gonna get a certificate.
Certificate has what?
Uh, public and private key.
private also? Or just…
Okay, you will have… okay, you will have public and private key.
you would, uh, you will share your public key,
And you would have your private key with you.
So, only using your own…
public key, you can… Okay, so if someone sends you something with your… with the… Okay. So when I… when I… let's say, when I reach out to you, right? Like, for example, I reach out… I am…
the client, right? So I reach out to this machine,
And, uh, I get a certificate, right?
My browser, that's a certificate. So that certificate, can it have a private key?
that I already have in my browser.
Our student cannot only have a public key.
the certificate. Okay, the digital certificate, can it have just the public key, or can it also have the private key?
Uh, yeah, okay, first you answer, then I will… Let's say, okay.
you have your own public and private keeper.
And the machine has its own public-private keeper. When you establish the connection, the machine will send you its own
public key that you will use to encrypt, that can only be decrypted with the machines. Okay, okay. And this is actually the certificate.
Yes. It has just the public key. It's fine, like, we are not here for the terminologies, right? So, certificate has the public key, so you… okay.
Uh, you have… so…
SSH, right? Like, uh, HTTPS also uses asymmetric key encryption, or public key cryptography, right?
So, have you ever wondered, like, how SSH works? Like, just wanted to know your thoughts.
How SSH works. Is it exactly the same as HTTPS?
In terms of secure communication, or…?
Do you think there might be something different.
and SSH. From my knowledge, there is also a key… there's a key pair that's getting exchanged.
Okay. But, uh, let me… let me… Okay, think about Richard. For example, here.
Uh, there's person A, and there's person B, right?
Both of them has public-private key pair, this also has public-private key pair, right?
But you must know that these belong to the same organization.
Like, you're Tarek, right? You own this PC, giving PC, and you own this Ubuntu machine. You own it, right?
And both of them has public-private key pair, right?
Although, that I can tell you that it exactly works like HTTPS.
But the question is, is there a… is there a need for a certificate here?
Or… can you do something other than the certificate?
Awesome. Like, when you… when you're using SSH, have you seen any…
certificate, or that sort of thing.
In between.
I mean, when you… when you actually establish the connection, it will ask you for a password.
Yes, but before that, have you seen the yes-no warning? Yes.
Do you see anything there, uh, by the name, like, fingerprint? Yes.
Right? Any idea what that is?
I think you're trying to… okay.
Not any idea what that is, right? Like, just ideas, imagine, right? Like, for example, you are making a connection.
Just like HTTPS, when you make a connection, you get something, right?
So, in HTTPS, that is the certificate.
So, do you think fingerprint has something to do with the public key? That's my question.
And again, I'm not trying to confuse you, just asking, right? Does it have something to do with the public key or not?
Okay.
I think it's my… it might, but it's not like… okay.
Let's say the fingerprint… okay, you get the fingerprint. When you… okay.
It prompts you… okay, only one time also. Only one time. Next time you make a connection, it will never show you. It will never show you. Only the first time?
The first time you initiate a connection?
You are, of course, it works like HTTPS, but…
Uh, there's no certificates this time. It shows a few. Does it have something to do with the beast public key? Like…
Or not? What do you think, like, based on HTTPS?
Okay, so… Because you don't have to remember, you just need to tell us, maybe I think it has something to do with the public key, or maybe not.
See, I think it is, because since you… instead of exchanging key pairs, you're…
Verifying it with a fingerprint. Yes, you're right. So, what happens is actually B gives the public key,
hash of the public, actually. So V, V is going to give you a public key, and also, uh, it's actually going to
Create a hash…
of the private key, hash of the private key, not give the private key. We'll send the… also, it can verify… Because it's your machines, right? Okay. Actually, you know…
You can just compute hash manually and compare.
So that's why it doesn't need certificates. Okay, so… okay, so this is meant to be used so you can see if this private key is actually the… So, for example, public key hash, right? Let's say public key hash, even if you give the hash, that's the fingerprint, right?
So, you can just go there and manually verify that public key hash is the same as what I see in the console. Okay, okay. But anyways, you are right, right? So it has something to do with the public key.
Okay, so, uh, any thoughts about AI agents? Like, uh…
what… like, any scenario in your mind, or maybe here?
You can add another… Can you actually benefit from eAgent here in this scenario, somehow?
Somehow, when it's in there. Think about it, right? Think about some… okay, interesting.
let's say someone's operating on this machine, or maybe even this one.
Someone's testing it out. There will be logs.
And you can just use an agent to…
let's say, monitor these drugs. Okay, that's good, right? But anything else? Anything else.
Totally, totally based on your own perspective. Like, I… meaning we can maybe do this, right?
Like, think about the real things that people face, and if you can actually use AI agents in that. Okay, let's say, since we're working on a note,
managing program. Okay. Why not just set up an AI agent that can help you fetch the notes that you want?
So, that would be a feature, right? Yes, it will be a feature. Okay, nice. That is good, right? I will take it.
Let's say, uh…
Let's say… let's talk about AIOps specifically, right?
For example, yes, this is a good… you're making your application smart, right? Good, you can use… definitely use AI agent for that, right?
Can you use AI agent in terms of, like, AIOps, something that has to do with DevOps, besides the logs? Anything else?
But they don't think about. So, your application is always…
up and running, it's never down, it's always, like, 100% usable.
I mean, since you are going… let's say…
Okay, you're hosting this in a, let's say,
This production… okay, this is a… you're both in production and in the development, testing.
Okay, both machines, you're…
Probably going to set System CTL
Yeah. Put on jobs, and to make sure this is always up and running.
Uh, you can also, let's say… okay.
Hmm…
I mean, we can set up an agent that can roll back to a previous version if something happens.
Yeah, very nice. Yes, you know, there are many more things, but this is good.
Right? Although I would say you should actually add a human loop, which is also possible, because
It might hallucinate and roll back, and things might go very bad, right?
So it can actually tell the user, see, this is the problem,
Allow me to rule back. There's a human loop thing also, right? So, like, for example, extensions, like,
that there's a problem, we should… we should immediately roll back. Do you want me to roll back?
So your person says yes and present, right? But it is nice, sorry. Okay, Tarek, thank you. That's it. I'm going to stop the…
My script, here, save it.